# Minutes of the Meeting - June 07
Members Present: [@deepusnath][deepu], [@rejahrehim][rejah], [@bvaisakh][vaisakh],[@amalsehu][amal], [@jeswinsimon][jeswin] 

- Faya:80 Facebook page and Twitter handle created. Need to improve the reach of the page.
- Details of Tweet Quiz and Tweet wall needs to be finalized at the earliest. Tentative deadline next tuesday(27 June 2017).
- Need to finalize Attendee goodies and Media Kit. Current proposal is to provide a flash drive in Media kit and a Cardboard VR Kit along with T-Shirt as attendee goodies. Open to new suggestions.



[deepu]: https://github.com/deepusnath
[jeswin]: https://github.com/jeswinsimon
[rejah]: https://github.com/rejahrehim
[vaisakh]: https://github.com/bvaisakh
[amal]: https://github.com/amalshehu